[Autogenerated] Okay, Welcome back.
Let's dive into APP.
Config Now at Come FIG is another capability under application management,
and it allows us to use systems manager to quickly create,
manage and deploy different application configurations.
Some interesting use cases that are provided our application tuning so we
can test our app and then make config changes quickly.
Or we can even enable a feature toggle for a new feature
that were pushing out with our application.
So if we want to show it at sometimes and then not at others,
we can quickly toggle a feature on and off.
Now I'm gonna go ahead and click on create CONFIG data and
let's just create our application So we'll give this a
production application name.
We can give it a description, and then we can also give it some tags.
So if I wanted to,
I can do environment and then prod and building off the last clip.
This would allow us to tie this into our prod resource group that we created.
So I'll click on create application and there you go.
We have now created our application in APP Config.
Now I'm not going to deploy a true application here.
But let's walk through this as much as we can,
and then I'll touch on pieces that were not actually going to do.
Now the first thing we have to do is we at the create an environment.
So an example of this might be test weaken set our monitors.
So what kind of role do we want to use for cloudwatch alarms?
And we can specify the alarm itself.
So if we want to tie in alarms, we can do that.
We can create more tags once again, and then I click on create.
So we've now created our test environment in It's Ready for deployment.
So if I go back to APP config, I go into my production application,
let's create one more environment.
So I'm gonna call.
This prod will create it quickly, and there we go.
We now have two environments for the same application,
So this mimics a real world scenario where you would push appointments to test,
and then once they're tested and successful,
you can quickly deploy them to prod.
Let's go in a test here, and you could see we have a start deployment button.
So if I go to start deployment,
we had to create or choose a configuration to deploy.
Now we don't have any.
So let's go ahead and click on Create.
And this is where we give it a name.
We can give a description.
We can create a new service role or using existing, and we can create more tags.
I'll click on next.
And this is where we configure the source provider.
So where are we actually getting our config?
Data from you can see we can pull from parameter store,
which will talk about later.
We can pull from a document which will also cover a little bit later,
or we can pull from s three.
We can point to an s three object that holds our configuration data.
Now, once again, I don't have any config to deploy,
so we're not going to go through this.
But you can see the next step is add validators.
Now what add Validators does is it allows us to add a
validation for AP convict to use as a checkpoint before
actually deploying this config.
So it's kind of ah,
stopgap measure to make sure that everything's correct before it deploys.
You can see once we choose our configuration,
we would get a version option as well.
So this is what allows us to quickly change the versions
of our app config that were the point.
And then we moved to deployment strategy.
So what kind of deployment strategy do we want?
You can do linear or exponential as a deployment type.
So for linear,
what this is going to do is it allows app config to push out
the deployments in small defined increments based on the
number that we'd put into place.
And then exponential is going to use a growth factor here,
and it's going toe exponentially.
Deploy.
The resource is so they're a little bit different in how they work.
So essentially, if we have several,
resource is it's going to start with two and then four and then so
on and so forth by an exponential factor of two.
And then the final two settings that we have are our deployment time.
So we can specify how long we want this to run, and we can specify a bake time.
So how long is it taking our systems to get up and fully
running before they're considered complete?
So this is similar to a load balancer in the fact
that you can perform health checks.
But you've specify a cool down period or a grace period that allows you to say,
Hey, we don't know if this is good or bad yet,
but I want to hold off and give it some time to come up properly.
So from here I would create my deployment strategy.
I would give a deployment description and then I would start might appointment.
I don't have a config set, so this won't work.
But that's how easy it is to deploy toe one environment for your application.
And then once we tested everything appropriately,
we would see our deployments down here.
We could go back to our prod APP application.
I can go into prod and we could do the same thing here.
We can use a deployment using the same config profile that we
specified a similar deployment strategy.
We can quickly identify which version were pushing,
and then I could start that employment for my prod Group of resource is now.
This is a very new tool to systems manager.
It's a really meet one,
so really go through here and check this out and see how it can help you with
your application configuration needs within your AWS accounts.
For now,
we're going to wrap up here and then we'll pick up again with parameter store coming up next.